Create an IAM role using the AWS CLI (#2150)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/aws-s3/index.md

If you have server-side encryption enabled, see the [required configuration](#encryption).

### Create an IAM role using the AWS CLI

To create an IAM role with external ID and with S3 permissions using the AWS CLI, follow the steps below. 

#### Prerequisites
To create an S3 IAM role, you must first install and configure the AWS CLI on your local machine and create an S3 bucket. Refer to Amazon's documentation, [Getting started with the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html){:target="_blank"} for more information. 

#### Procedure
1. Copy the following code snippet and save it as a file on your local machine titled `trust-relationship-policy.json`. Replace `<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>` with your Segment workspace ID. 

> ```json

Reviewer: @forstisabella You might need to add two indents to the code samples to not break the numbering. Recommend running the site locally while you test this.

{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::595280932656:role/segment-s3-integration-production-access"
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": "<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

2. Navigate to the folder containing `trust-relationship-policy.json` and run the following command to create your IAM role and attach the trust relationship document, replacing `<YOUR_ROLE_NAME>` with the name you want to give this IAM role:

``` python
aws iam create-role --role-name <YOUR_ROLE_NAME> --assume-role-policy-document file://trust-relationship-policy.json --description "IAM role for Segment to assume (AWS S3 destination)"
```

> >info ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info ""
```
Needs a space here to render properly.

> > To verify that you successfully created an IAM role, log into your AWS console and open the IAM Management Console. Under the Trust Relationship tab, there should be a key-value pair: a `sts:ExternalID` key with a value of `your Segment workspace ID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To verify that the IAM role is created, log into the AWS console and open the IAM Management Console. Under the Trust Relationship tab, there should be a key-value pair: a `sts:ExternalID` key with a value of `your Segment workspace ID`.
```

Can make the first part of this active-voice.

3. Copy the following IAM policy, replacing `<YOUR_BUCKET_NAME>` with the name of your S3 bucket, and save it as a file on your local machine titled `iam-policy.json`.

```json

> 

Reviewer: You can remove this blank line. Same for all other code samples.

  ]
}

```

5. Navigate to the folder containing `iam-policy.json`, and run the following command to create the IAM policy:

``` python
aws iam create-policy --policy-name segment-s3-putobject --policy-document file://iam-policy.json --description "Allow Segment to PutObject into S3 destination bucket"
```
6. A successful output has the following format. Take note of the `Arn,` as you'll need it in the next step.

``` json

{
    "Policy": {
        "PolicyName": "segment-s3-putobject",
        "PolicyId": "AABC1DE2F34GG567H",
        "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::012345678912:policy/segment-s3-putobject",
        "Path": "/",
        "DefaultVersionId": "v1",
        "AttachmentCount": 0,
        "PermissionsBoundaryUsageCount": 0,
        "IsAttachable": true,
        "CreateDate": "2021-11-11T01:21:00+00:00",
        "UpdateDate": "2021-11-11T01:21:00+00:00"
    }
}

```
7. Run the following command to attach the IAM policy to the IAM role, replacing `<YOUR_ROLE_NAME>` with the name of your role and `<ARN_FROM_STEP_6_OUTPUT>` with the Arn output from the last step:

``` python
aws iam attach-role-policy --role-name <YOUR_ROLE_NAME> --policy-arn <ARN_FROM_STEP_6_OUTPUT>
```

> info ""

> > To verify that you have successfully created your IAM role, navigate to your AWS console and open the IAM Management Console. On the Permissions tab, verify that there is a `segment-s3-putobject` Permissions policy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To verify that the IAM role is created, navigate to the AWS console and open the IAM Management Console. On the Permissions tab, verify that there is a `segment-s3-putobject` Permissions policy. 
```

Active voice, same as above.
